Login slug (#8354)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes.md

Release notes are grouped by month for both multi-tenant and virtual private cloud (VPC) environments.

## December 2025

> - **Enhancement**:  SSO slugs are now system generated during SSO setup and aren't customizable. SSO slug configurations that are currently in use will continue to be valid, however they will be read-only and it won't be possible to change them. If you delete your existing SSO configuration and create a new one, you'll be provided with a new system generated SSO slug. This enahances security and prevents accounts from setting slugs that "impersonate" other organizations.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Enhancement**:  dbt SSO slugs are now system-generated during SSO setup and aren't customizable. SSO slug configurations currently in use will remain valid; they will be read-only and cannot be changed. If you delete your existing SSO configuration and create a new one, you'll be provided with a new system-generated SSO slug. This change enhances security and prevents accounts from setting slugs that "impersonate" other organizations.
```
